[Pack][RecordedFuture][v1.7.14] (#36304)
demisto/content: Packs/RecordedFuture/Integrations/RecordedFuturePlaybookAlerts/README.md

You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search

***
Search playbook alerts based on filters

#### Base Command

`recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search`

#### Input

| **Argument Name**     | **Description**                                                                                                                                                      | **Required** |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|

> | category              | filter what playbook alert categories that is wanted. (default = all available). Possible values are: all_available, domain_abuse, vulnerability, code_repo_leakage. | Optional     | 

Author: will do

> | limit                 | Limits the number of alerts to fetch.                                                                                                                                | Optional     | 

Author: will do

> | time_since_update     | Time between now and e.g. "2 hours" or "7 days" ago.                                                                                                                 | Optional     | 

Author: will do

> | playbook_alert_status | Filter what statuses are fetched, defaults to only new status if not specified. Possible values are: new, in-progress, dismissed, resolved.                          | Optional     | 

Author: will do

| priority              | Actions priority assigned in Recorded Future. Possible values are: high, moderate, informational.                                                                    | Optional     | 

> | order_search_by       | Actions priority assigned in Recorded Future. Possible values are: updated, created.                                                                                 | Optional     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| order_search_by       | The order by which to search for playbook alerts. Possible values are: updated, created.                                                                                 | Optional     | 
```

Author: will do

##### Command Example
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search```
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search category=domain_abuse```
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search category=vulnerability```
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search limit=10```
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search playbook_alert_status=in-progress```
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search priority=high```
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-search order_search_by=updated```

#### Context Output

| **Path**                                        | **Type** | **Description**                             |
|-------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------------------------------------|

> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.playbook_alert_id | String   | Unique id of the playbook alert             | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.category          | String   | Playbook alert category                     | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.priority          | String   | Recommended Priority of the alert           | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.status            | String   | Current alert status in Recorded Future     | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.title             | String   | Title of the alert                          | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.updated           | date     | Date of last update                         | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.created           | date     | Date of creation                            | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.organization_id   | String   | Organization uhash                          | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.organization_name | String   | Plaintext Organization name                 | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.assignee_id       | String   | uhash of the assigned user                  | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.assignee_name     | unknown  | name of the assigned user                   | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.owner_id          | String   | uhash of the enterprise that owns the alert | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.owner_name        | String   | Name of the enterprise that owns the alert  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.playbook_alert_id | String   | Unique ID of the playbook alert.             | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.category          | String   | Playbook alert category.                     | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.priority          | String   | Priority of the alert.           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.status            | String   | Current alert status in Recorded Future.     | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.title             | String   | Title of the alert.                          | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.updated           | date     | Date of last update .                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.created           | date     | Date of creation.                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.organization_id   | String   | Organization ID.                          | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.organization_name | String   | Organization name .                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.assignee_id       | String   | ID of the assigned user.                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.assignee_name     | unknown  | Name of the assigned user.                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.owner_id          | String   | ID of the enterprise that owns the alert. | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.owner_name        | String   | Name of the enterprise that owns the alert.  | 
```

Author: will do

### recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-details

***

> Get Playbook alert details by id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get playbook alert details by ID.
```

Author: will do

#### Base Command

`recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-details`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | alert_ids | Ids of the playbook alert that should be fetched. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| alert_ids | IDs of the playbook alert that should be fetched. | Required | 
```

Author: will do

> | detail_sections | What evidence sections to include in the fetch, fetches all available if not specified. Possible values are: status, action, summary, log, whois, dns. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| detail_sections | What evidence sections to include in the fetch. Fetches all available if not specified. Possible values are: status, action, summary, log, whois, dns. | Optional | 
```

Author: will do

| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.name                             | String   | Name of contact                                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.organization                     | String   | Name of contact organization                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.postalCode                       | String   | Postal code of contact organization                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.state                            | String   | Contact located in state                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.street1                          | String   | Street name of contact                                                    | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.telephone                        | String   | Phone number of contact                                                   | 

> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.type                             | String   | Type of contact                                                           | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.playbook_alert_id                                       | String   | Unique ID of the playbook alert.                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.category                                                | String   | Playbook alert category.                                                   | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.priority                                                | String   | Priority of the alert.                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.status                                                  | String   | Current alert status in Recorded Future.                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.title                                                   | String   | Title of the alert.                                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.updated                                                 | date     | Date of last update.                                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.created                                                 | date     | Date of creation.                                                          | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.organization_id                                         | String   | Organization ID. | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.organization_name                                       | String   | Organization name.                                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.assignee_id                                             | String   | ID of the assigned user.                                                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.assignee_name                                           | String   | Name of the assigned user.                                                 | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.owner_id                                                | String   | ID of the enterprise that owns the alert.                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.owner_name                                              | String   | Name of the enterprise that owns the alert.                                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.playbook_alert_id                          | String   | Unique ID of the playbook alert.                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.category                                   | String   | Playbook alert category.                                                   | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.priority                                   | String   | Priority of the alert.                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.status                                     | String   | Current alert status in Recorded Future.                                   | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.title                                      | String   | Title of the alert.                                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.updated                                    | date     | Date of last update.                                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.created                                    | date     | Date of creation.                                                          | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.organization_id                            | String   | Organization ID. | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.organization_name                          | String   | Organization name.                                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.assignee_id                                | String   | ID of the assigned user.                                                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.assignee_name                              | unknown  | Name of the assigned user.                                                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.owner_id                                   | String   | ID of the enterprise that owns the alert.                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.owner_name                                 | String   | Name of the enterprise that owns the alert.                                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.case_rule_id                               | String   | ID of the playbook alert category.                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.case_rule_label                            | String   | Name of the playbook alert category.                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.context_list.context                       | Array    | Context of entity connected to the playbook alert.                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.created                                    | String   | Date marking the creation of the playbook alert in Recorded Future.        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.entity_criticality                         | String   | Criticality of the playbook alert.                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.entity_id                                  | String   | ID of the entity in Recorded Future.                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.entity_name                                | String   | Name of the entity.                                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.risk_score                                 | String   | Risk score of the entity in Recorded Future.                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.targets                                    | Array    | List of targets of the playbook alert.                                     | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_status.lifecycle_stage                            | String   | Indicates what lifecycle the vulnerability is in.                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.explanation                               | String   | Description of the triggering of the playbook alert.           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.resolved_record_list.context_list.context | String   | Context of entity connected to the playbook alert.                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.resolved_record_list.criticality          | String   | Level of criticality.                                                      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.resolved_record_list.entity               | String   | ID of the entity in Recorded Future.                                      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.resolved_record_list.record_type          | String   | Type of record A, CNAME or MX                                             | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.resolved_record_list.risk_score           | String   | Risk score of the entity in Recorded Future.                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.screenshots.description                   | String   | Description of the image.                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.screenshots.image_id                      | String   | ID of the screenshot in Recorded Future.                                   | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.screenshots.tag                           | String   | Image analysis tag.                                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.screenshots.created                       | String   | When the image was created.                                                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.screenshots.base64                        | String   | The image binary encoded as a base64 string.                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.summary.targets.name                      | String   | Target affected by the vulnerability.                                      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.summary.lifecycle_stage                   | String   | The current lifecycle stage of the Playbook Alert.                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.summary.riskrules.rule                    | String   | Name of the rule that triggered.                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.summary.riskrules.description             | String   | Short description of the trigger. \(E.g., 13 sightings on 1 source..\)       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.affected_products.name                    | String   | Name of the affected product.                                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.insikt_notes.id                           | String   | The ID of the Insikt note.                                                 | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.insikt_notes.title                        | String   | The title of the Insikt note.                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.insikt_notes.topic                        | String   | The topic of the Insikt note.                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.insikt_notes.published                    | String   | The time at which the Insikt note was published.                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_summary.insikt_notes.fragment                     | String   | A fragment of the Insikt note text.                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.id                                            | String   | Log ID in Recorded Future.                                                 | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.actor_id                                      | String   | ID of the actor.                                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.created                                       | String   | When was the log created.                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.modified                                      | String   | When was the log last modified.                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.action_priority                               | String   | The priority of the playbook. alert                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.message                                       | String   | Log message.                                                               | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.assigne_change.old                    | String   | Previous assignee.                                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.assigne_change.new                    | String   | New assignee.                                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.assigne_change.type                   | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.status_change.old                     | String   | Previous status.                                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.status_change.new                     | String   | New status.                                                                | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.status_change.type                    | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.title_change.old                      | String   | Previous title.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.title_change.new                      | String   | New title.                                                                 | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.title_change.type                     | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.priority_change.old                   | String   | Previous priority.                                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.priority_change.new                   | String   | New priority.                                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.priority_change.type                  | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.reopen_strategy_change.old            | String   | Previous reopen strategy.                                                 | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.reopen_strategy_change.new            | String   | New reopen strategy.                                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.reopen_strategy_change.type           | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.entities_change.removed               | String   | Removed entity.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.entities_change.added                 | String   | Added entity.                                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.entities_change.type                  | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.related_entities_change.removed       | String   | Removed related entity.                                                    | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.related_entities_change.added         | String   | Added related entity.                                                      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.related_entities_changetype           | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.description_change.old                | String   | Previous description.                                                      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.description_change.new                | String   | New description.                                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.description_change.type               | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.external_id_change.old                | String   | Previous external ID.                                                      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.external_id_change.new                | String   | New external ID.                                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_log.changes.external_id_change.type               | String   | Type of change.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_action.action                                     | String   | The name of the action.                                                    | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_action.updated                                    | String   | The date the action was last updated.                                          | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_action.assignee_name                              | String   | Full name of the assignee.                                                 | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_action.assignee_id                                | String   | ID of the assignee.                                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_action.status                                     | String   | The status of the action.                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_action.description                                | String   | A short description of the action.                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_action.link                                       | String   | A link associated with the action.                                         | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ip_list.record                                | String   | The DNS record.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ip_list.risk_score                            | String   | Risk score associated with the record.                                     | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ip_list.criticality                           | String   | The level of criticality.                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ip_list.record_type                           | String   | Type of record A, CNAME or MX.                                             | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ip_list.context_list.context                  | String   | Labels of malicious behavior types that can be associated with an entity. | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.mx_list.record                                | String   | The DNS record.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.mx_list.risk_score                            | String   | Risk score associated with the record.                                     | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.mx_list.criticality                           | String   | The level of criticality.                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.mx_list.record_type                           | String   | Type of record A, CNAME or MX.                                             | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.mx_list.context_list.context                  | String   | Labels of malicious behavior types that can be associated with an entity. | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ns_list.record                                | String   | The DNS record.                                                            | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ns_list.risk_score                            | String   | Risk score associated with the record.                                     | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ns_list.criticality                           | String   | The level of criticality.                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ns_list.record_type                           | String   | Type of record A, CNAME or MX.                                             | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_dns.ns_list.context_list.context                  | String   | Labels of malicious behavior types that can be associated with an entity. | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.added                                  | String   | When the whois information was added.                                      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.attribute                              | String   | Attribute, either whois or whoisContancts.                                 | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.entity                                 | String   | ID of whois entity.                                                        | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.provider                               | String   | Name of provider.                                                          | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.createdDate                      | String   | The date it was created.                                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.nameServers                      | Array    | List of name server IDs.                                                   | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.privateRegistration              | Bool     | Boolean indicating private registration.                                   | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.registrarName                    | String   | Name of the registrar.                                                    | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.status                           | String   | Status of registrar.                                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.city                             | String   | City in which contact is located.                                             | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.country                          | String   | Country in which contact is located.                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.name                             | String   | Name of contact.                                                           | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.organization                     | String   | Name of contact organization.                                              | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.postalCode                       | String   | Postal code of contact organization.                                       | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.state                            | String   | State in which contact is located.                                                  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.street1                          | String   | Street name of contact.                                                    | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.telephone                        | String   | Phone number of contact.                                                   | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.panel_whois.body.value.type                             | String   | Type of contact.                                                           | 
```

Author: will do

### recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-update

***
Update the status of one or multiple Playbook alerts

#### Base Command

`recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-update`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                           | **Required** |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|

> | alert_ids         | Ids of the playbook alerts that will be updated.                                                                                                                          | Required     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| alert_ids         | IDs of the playbook alerts that will be updated.                                                                                                                          | Required     | 
```

Author: will do

| new_status        | New status to set for all alerts in alert_ids. Possible values are: new, in-progress, dismissed, resolved.                                                                | Required     |
| comment           | Add a comment to all alerts in alert_ids.                                                                                                                                 | Optional     |
| reopen            | Re-open on Significant Changes? The alert can remain resolved, or automatically re-open in significant new assessments. Default behaviour: reopen on significant updates. | Optional     | 

##### Command Example
```!recordedfuture-playbook-alerts-update alert_ids="12312312-1231-1231-1231-123123123123" new_status="New"```

#### Context Output

| **Path**                                        | **Type** | **Description**                                     |
|-------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------|

> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.playbook_alert_id | string   | Unique id of the playbook alert in Recorded Future  | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.current_status    | string   | Current status of playbook alert in Recorded Future | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.title             | string   | Title of the playbook alert in Recorded Future      | 
> | RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.status_message    | string   | Message describing the outcome of the update        | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.playbook_alert_id | string   | Unique ID of the playbook alert in Recorded Future.  | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.current_status    | string   | Current status of playbook alert in Recorded Future. | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.title             | string   | Title of the playbook alert in Recorded Future.      | 
| RecordedFuture.PlaybookAlerts.status_message    | string   | Message describing the outcome of the update.        | 
```

Author: will do
